Always super fresh. Rolls aren't always the most beautiful, but I'll take freshness over uniformity any day.
Dear yelp readers.   Hi.   How ya doin' ....so let me explain how the stars/points system works here.  If you click 5 stars ..... it's fucking awesome.  ... if you click 1 star ..... it's double of what this hideous "restaurant" is.     Apparently y'all just didn't understand the grading system ..... hence the positive regards hereLiterally.  Said in the CORRECT way ....LITERALLY the most atrocious quasi Asian ish food I have ever attempted to eat.  EVER .... so kudos and ONE star for being epically horrid.   I mean ... at least you aren't average right??Ordered delivery .... so review is not about decor or a cute server swaying an opinion.  This is about a kitchen that can't cook and a chef... that perhaps should look into other career paths.   SQUID.  Ummmm I won't live for the additional 60 plus years that It would have taken to chew that abomination....and for that I'm quite grateful The three rolls i ordered featured unseasoned and old rice.   Nice touch. Not only not fresh but here's old AND without flavor.   .   Wow.   Uncanny that anyone could be this bad at their job.   I suppose if i went to be .... hmmmmm an accounting professional... that would be close as I can't add 2 numbers together Ps. .... restaurant guys.  ... when you say something is "spicy" ... it doesn't mean like... compared to a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.    Zero flavor.   Horrible textures.  Old rice.  10 rungs below grocery store sushiI really MUST apologize to my poor trash can .... cuz that's where the entire meal ended up
Good food.   Very fresh fish. Nice amd quiet. Qe ordered the Boat, and they gave us an additional roll "on the house". This was our 3rd visit and we have enjoyed each one.
I love ordering their food! Price good, amazing food!!!(try candy cane & red moon rolls)!! + quick delivery. Super nice that they also add some very TASTY rolls on the house.
I go here all the time and it's always the best sushi I've ever had! Other places don't compare. Always comes with a complimentary roll.
I live in the city and I love this place... it's totally worth the drive from the city!  Every time we go here we get a free roll and/or some sort of discount. The staff is professional and kind and the ambiance is light and welcoming.
Have never had a bad experience here. Sushi is always amazing staff is always nice. They always give you a free roll which is awesome. Everyone should try this place. Lunch special is a good deal also
Usually don't rate and review, but this was exceptional. Ordered Delivery and service was quick and courteous. Sushi was exceptional and came with a roll on the house. Thoroughly enjoyed every dish that I ordered (7 total) and you could tell ingredients were fresh and care was put into the making of each. Definitely a must try and even more so a staple for sushi night!
My favorite sushi place ever! The actual sushi is good quality, their miso soup is my favorite, and their seaweed salad is great too. The rolls are a little smaller than some sushi places but their prices are AMAZING! Plus they always give you a free roll if you spend $30.
We have been here to dine in at the sushi bar numerous times since we moved here in September 2016, and also ordered a huge carry out order for my mother's birthday. Every time we have been here, it's been a very tasty adventure! The complimentary rolls, the wonderful cheesecake squares, and absolutely mouth watering sushi. I'm never so happy as when I'm enjoying a meal here.
Food was okay. I ordered shrimp tempura udon online and paid at the store, but the price they were charging me wasn't what it said online. So I also checked their menu(paper) when I got there, it said the same thing!($8.95) but I paid over $10.00 when I got there. The person who worked there said, the price went up but they didn't update the price on the menu.  It is such not a good feeling to pay more when customers get there expecting to pay the price on the menu online but pay more when you get there. I would've paid online knowing what I'm paying for if they were going to charge more than what it says on the menu. If anyone is going to get a Togo food from here, I recommend paying them online upfront.  :)
Always fresh, Always great service! Very casual atmosphere, wouldn't expect to have such great food here, but its become a Go-To-Favorite!
Beautiful spot for Sushi. Neat, clean and staff is very professional. I ordered the Candy Lane and Crazy stone and they were both delicious. I would highly recommend this spot to anyone.
The place was empty and now I know why. The miso soup was great but could have been warmer. The sushi rolls we each ordered were tiny and not as tasty as the price. With all the other places to go for sushi I would avoid this one. Not much value for the money.
What a nice and inexpensive find! My husband and I were able to have a filling meal for a very low price. :) I wouldn't give it 5 stars because the sushi/roll variety was a little lacking compared to other sushi places in the area. Otherwise, the service was great and the food was good.
AMAZING! This is my family's go to sushi bar. The rolls are always made perfectly and so fresh. The staff friendly and on top of everything going on.  I order a special made roll every time and they have made it perfectly no matter what the request. My favorite is the twin tower roll with real crab.
After trying a few new places and sampling the gyoza there, I went back to Fujiyama. They are still knocking it out the park with those savory bundles of joy. I also got the chance to try the Summer sushi roll. It was excellent, just the right blend of spicy, creamy, and seafood umami. Yum!
The sushi is really good and the prices are fair. I like the variety of sushi available. There is something for everyone.  From the faux sushi eater - nothing raw and all things fried. To the sushi efficionato! The menu gives accurate descriptions of the food and calling it in makes it a breeze to get your favorite dish.
We went here because it was close and the Yelp reviews were awesome. So glad we did. Excellent sushi, fantastic service. Adding it to our favorites
Cheap, delicious takeout! I am so happy to have stopped by this place randomly! Delicious, fresh reasonably priced sushi!
Cheap, delicious takeout! I am so happy to have stopped by this place randomly! Delicious, fresh reasonably priced sushi!
Amazing experience.  Sushi is fresh and inventive, BYOB, and when you go with 4 or more people they make a complementary special roll for you.  It's great to have a pure Japanese Sushi restaurant in town and not the typical Chinese Restaurant that alsohappens to serve sushi.   Their prices are also very reasonable, and waiter is top notch. Go for the box lunch specials to try it out, comes with 2 rolls, soup, salad, and fried gyoza (shrimp dumplings) for 8 bucks!
OMG!!!! What a hidden Gem!!!! I love this place wholeheartedly!!! The sushi is fresh and delicious & reasonably priced. The service is top notch & each time I have gone, they've given me a complimentary dessert or appetizer. My expectations are always exceeded with them.... I just hope too many people don't find out about this place & overcrowd my new favorite sushi spot.
Well, I must admit I was skeptical at first, but I'm so glad that I went in and gave them a chance. The best tasting a reasonably priced sushi I've had. The staff was a little slow to come to the table but everything was amazing. I really liked  the place and will be back soon!
Beautiful creations in a 'not so hot" shopping center were a very pleasant surprise.The food was delicious. Everybody was very attentive and we received a complimentary generous platter as big as the ones we ordered. We plan go back often.
Second time here and this place did not dissapoint.The sashimi is very fresh, I am well impressed and the fish portion is quite thick and plenty. Service is awesome, and I think they have better miso soup and the average sushi places I've been. Salad dressing is real refreshing as well.For the quality, price and value, will definitely be back yet again.
Great food, good service and very affordable. My husband and I love it there. We went with a large group and had great experiences. The eel is cooked well, which is hard to do. We will be returning!
BYOB. Portions small. Limited selection. Most staff don't speak English well. Make sure they understand what you want. Place was empty the two times I have been with my wife. Clean.
I got take out and pretty much loved all of it. I wasn't a fan of the spicy tuna, it was puréed and I didn't like it as much. The salad roll is a new favorite though! I will definitely return!
They have the best prices for sushi I've found so far! A lot more reasonable then most other places. Wide variety to choose from, they even gave us a roll on the house. First time ever finishing an entire platter of sushi even though we were so full, but it was because every roll we ordered was delicious!   Had about 6 rolls and a delicious bowl of udon for just $46, amazing!
I've decided to give this place another try based off the recommendation of Le. B. I must say that I've had a better experience.
It was a decent experience tonight and it was nice having a decent sushi place close by. However decent is about as good as it got. The food was just okay. The fried ice cream I had read about on here and was SO excited for, and it was really again, just okay. They did give us a complimentary roll which was very appreciated, but in general the sushi was barely above average. We'll drive further for better sushi next time.
This is the best place around!  The device is excellent, the food is wonderful, and the chefs are amazing.  A definite must go restaurant.
This is my new favorite sushi restaurant!  The service is great and the food even better.
Actual really really good sushi and really great service. The sunset and red moon rolls were outstanding and their sashimi was exactly as it should be. After trying several other sushi places in the area, Fuji Yama was a shining gem and a pleasant surprise. Happy to have found my new go-to sushi place.
I love this place! Don't be fooled by the location -- the food here is top-notch. Everything I've ever had here has been absolutely delicious. The vegetarian selection is also good, and the sweet potato rolls are my favorite. Every time I've gone, they've offered our table a complimentary roll and a complimentary dessert. The service is amazing and they really treat their customers well. I can't recommend this place enough! Just go.
I don't usually write a review, but you have to try this place! I eat sushi a lot and this place has been the best so far! Plus, the staff were really nice and we had a delicious extra roll on the house!
The prices here are great, which is why I decided to try carryout. I also assumed the sushi would be great based on the other reviews. The sushi was just okay. A lot of their maki has imitation crab added, which really ruins the flavor of the fresh fish. It was nice that they included a complimentary roll with my order-- unfortunately is was fried and also had imitation crabmeat. Unfortunately I won't be returning.
Maybe its because I went later at night or on a Sunday or that I carried out. My old sushi place was amazing and this was not what I was expecting at all. The spicy mayo is extremely different. I went out on a limb and tried to order, already knowing that my old place probably spoiled me. This is one of the lower placing sushi places on my list. I guess I will continue to search for a new place in this area or give up all together and just make special trips back down to N. Va.
I don't go out for sushi very often since I am the only one in my family who enjoys it.  I came in to this place and looked around and was a bit overwhelmed by all the different choices.  Was hoping the people behind the counter would offer some advice but they just stood there giving me a blank stare.  After a few minutes I finally decided on a few choices.  I went with a Lunch Box which comes with a choice of 2 different rolls which I picked the spicy tuna roll and salmon roll, soup and salad and I went with an order of gyoza too.  The sushi and the gyoza were amazing, the soup was mediocre and the salad was just gross.  Next time I will skip the lunch box though and just order the rolls themself.
This was my second time here.Service was quick & attentive.Food was very good for the second time.The salad roll is a good choice .Will be back soon
We gave this restaurant two chances.First time was lunch that never happened because of the very slow and inattentive service and we were in a hurry, so we just left after waiting for about 10 minutes to take our order when we were their ONLY customers at the moment.Second time was at dinner time. We ordered 2 different dinner boxes and NONE of the food we ate was fresh or yummy.Have no idea where all these raving reviews coming from.For the quality of the food, size of the portions and not such a great service the value of the meal was very poor.Not recommend at all.
People here are really nice. The food is very reasonably priced. I have gone here often and will continue to go! They could improve with some more visible specials and a little more atmosphere. The music is the same instrumental pop hits CD on repeat.
I ordered the shrimp tempura, it was good! I really like the complimentary sushi they give. Our waitress, Helen (I believe), had a very short temper and she got frustrated very quickly with us during the ordering process. Maybe due to the language barrier? Who knows but I didn't appreciate that. My sister had a small issue with her food & they had no problem removing it from the bill. So overall it was a nice spot, and we enjoyed ourselves & the food.
The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because it is a strip mall.   The sushi and service are as good as any high priced restaurant you would find in NYC or San Fran.  Everything we tried was excellent from the shumai to the bbq squid to the superb snow roll and the individual pieces of nigiri.
Any restaurant that does not serve their sushi with brown rice, is not a place I will go.
Delicious food, great service, complimentary rolls-what's not to like!
Finally! A reasonably priced sushi restaraunt near Owings Mills that is becoming my go-to place. Deliciously fresh sushi that is prepared with care and presented attractively, at a price that makes my sooo wallet happy. Great service, lunch specials, udon noodles, teriyaki dishes, too, all make for a well rounded menu. A complimentary roll now and again and a sweet little yummy REAL cheesecake square makes a good thing even better. Spread the word so this place does well and stays here for a long time to come. Plus Giant, Nail Creations (hi Twee!), and my fave dry cleaner all in the same center so it's a win-win.
Eveything we tried was delicious. They did a surprisingly nice, warm buildout that you would never expect next to Giant! Will definitely be back.
So glad to have a great sushi bar so close to home instead of having to drive into the city.  This place is awesome!  We tried their take-out during their grand opening and loved it so today we decided to eat inside. Wish we wouldn't have waited so long between visits! The service was great (friendly and very attentive) and the food was even better.  The rolls just melted in our mouths.  We took our own bottle of wine which made it even more special (and no corking fee). We were pleasantly surprised to get extra items that we didn't order beginning with a small cucumber salad, an extra order of rolls, and finally a bite sized piece of cheesecake that was the perfect ending. We ordered the miso soup and volcano roll appetizer that truly had us anxious for the rest of our dinner. The timing was perfect between each plate.  We had the following specialty rolls:  Earthquake, Hurricane, Yankee, & Red Devil Roll and received a complementary Sunset Roll.  The Red Devil Roll was our absolute favorite but after that they were all equally delicious.  We were glad to have ordered enough that we could bring back the extras for snacking on later!  Already looking forward to our next visit!!!
Wonderful restaurant. Went for the first time following some of the reviewers. Was not disappointed! Great service, delicious food, and super clean. Will come again!
Ate at Fuji Yama for dinner on 9/14/2013. A friend and I ordered sushi rolls, and all four of us ordered one of their noodle (soba or udon) entrees. The service was attentive and polite, the food arrived fairly quickly, and everything was delicious! This is, bar none, the best place for Japanese cuisine in the area. We will be returning, and I can't recommend it more!
